We are going to use a large repository of synthetic patient health data to deveop a risk predictor model that can  accurately predict the future occurrence of new-onset AF for individual patients?

## Dataset Description 

This is a synthetic cohort of ~100,000 patients tabwho have no prior history of AF and had a baseline ECG performed 
between January 2010 and January 2023, followed by a minimum follow-up of 12 months. 
Current or prior AF/flutter will be excluded on the basis of baseline ECG plus review of prior 
continuous ambulatory ECG monitoring (Holter), ICD-10-CA codes, or procedural codes related to AF/flutter interventions. 
This synthetic dataset has been generated by training off a randomly identified subset of ~100,000 patients from the 
Cardiovascular Imaging Registry of Calgary (CIROC).
This dataset is the part of [2025 Case Studies in Data Analysis Competition](https://ssc.ca/en/meetings/annual/2025-ssc-annual-meeting-saskatoon/2025-case-studies-data-analysis-competition) and 
the title of the case study is 
[Prediction of New Onset Atrial Fibrillation Using Routinely Reported 12-Lead ECG Variables and Electronic Health Data](https://ssc.ca/en/case-study/prediction-new-onset-atrial-fibrillation-using-routinely-reported-12-lead-ecg-variables)

## Dataset Size: 
49 MB


## Variables

Core demographics for each patient will be provided, inclusive of age and birth sex, 
followed by ICD-10-CCA/CCI coded baseline comorbidities, cardiac history, and coding for which cardiac 
procedures each patient has undergone. Diagnostic testing variables will include routinely reported ECG variables, 
patient location at time of baseline ECG (in-patient versus out-patient), followed by a collection of laboratory (blood) 
test variables captured surrounding the time of each ECG. Coding of all cardiac medications actively prescribed at 
time of baseline ECG will also be provided. Please see this link [SSC2025_study01_datadic_v02](https://ssc.ca/sites/default/files/imce/ssc2025_study01_datadic_v02.xlsx) for a full list of 
variables and definitions.


